>> Scott Moss: Schema stitching,
who here has heard of schema stitching?
Awesome, yes schema stitching
is actually relatively new.
I would say it's something as
new as a couple of months ago.
I don't know who made it popular.
But it's a combination of everybody with
AppSync coming out on AWS, and Apollo,
doing all this crazy stuff, and then
Prisma doing all this awesome stuff too.
So everybody just came together and
figured this out.
But basically schema stitching is a way
where you can have a GraphQL API,
and you can delegate parts of your
GraphQL API schema to another GraphQL API.
That's either on the same server or
remote.
So, just to wrap your head around that.
That means, yeah, you can have more than
one GraphQL API on one server, right?
Because a GraphQL API is
not bound to a server.
We just ran a GraphQL query right now,
right here without even having a server.
For every GraphQL API,
you don't need a port exposed.
So you can put mini GraphQL APIs
on one server if you want to.
So a schema stitching allows you to
have this one schema here, this one API.
And for this resolver,
I'm gonna delegate to
this other API that's on another server,
but it resolves here.
So it's basically like making
a resolver on another API, so
you can stitch them together.
That's basically what it is.
It's really complicated, but
it comes in handy if you're doing
things like creating a GraphQL gateway.
Where if you have a gateway that
sits in front of many services,
some including other GraphQL services,
this is like the best thing to do.
Because you can just stitch them together.
You can also just do it manually
yourself inside the resolvers, right?
But like why do that when you can just
delegate directly to the GraphQL,
just be done with it.
I don't have to like
stitch it together myself.
So that's schema stitching.